# E-Commerce Salesperson

## Company Description
1Stopbedrooms supplies high quality furniture, to make one’s house a home, thanks to our exceptional, dedicated team. Our sales team utilizes proven strategies to not only meet each customer’s needs but to surpass them greatly. We prioritize the happiness of each customer and the quality of the items we provide. 1StopBedrooms is committed wholly to its customers and ensures that they are thrilled with each order. 
The 1Stopbedrooms team seeks an E-Commerce Sales Person to join our team, to develop and implement sales strategies, establish partnerships, build strong relationships with customers, and utilize their feedback in order to improve. This individual should be passionate about sales, and skilled in data and marketing, with a diligent, reliable nature, the ability to thrive in a fast-paced environment, strong alignment with our mission, and a deep commitment to each client.
We need a self-starter, who is intrinsically motivated, to lead as the E-Commerce Sales Person. They should be dedicated to implementing new strategies to improve sales and to meeting and surpassing the needs of each customer. If you would like to make a difference and work with us at 1StopBedrooms, apply now.

## Job Description
The E-Commerce Sales Person contains a multitude of duties which involve selling, marketing, and analyzing data. If you excel at critical thinking, leading a team, and developing strong personal relationships, contact us today.

## Responsibilities
Although the E-Commerce Sales Person’s duties vary day by day, some required tasks include:
- To research, create, and implement new marketing tactics to effect positive company change and increase revenue
- Utilize new data tools and reports for tracking purposes
- Closely monitor sales opportunities and transactions, to determine patterns and trends
- Develop and update the E-Commerce website regularly 
- Update E-Commerce website product descriptions
- Communicate across various department in regards to the development of products, and support their organizational frameworks
- Build strong relationships with customers to ensure that they receive high quality service at all times 

## Qualifications
Possesses an undergraduate degree in marketing, computer science, data science, or a related field, with a passion for improving sales, extensive marketplace knowledge, as well as strong leadership skills and  oral communication skills.
- 3-5 years of sales experience
- Familiarity with digital marketing strategies
- Bachelor’s degree in Business, Marketing, or a similar field
- Technologically savvy, with strong computer skills and data skills
- Advanced in Microsoft Excel
- Natural salesperson with the ability to utilize data to accomplish sales goals
- Identify patterns in sales and utilizing those patterns to find new opportunities
- Skilled in using new data tools and reports and for comprehending novel technologies