# Customer Service Representative

## Company Description
1Stopbedrooms prioritizes its customers’ needs and is passionate about making them a reality. When a customer orders from 1Stopbedrooms, they receive their delivery promptly, thanks to our exceptional Customer Service team. Our assiduous team monitors each customer order to ensure a smooth transaction and a flawless delivery.  This is because of our unwavering dedication to our customers and our high-quality technology and resources. When a customer encounters an issue and contacts our support team, our team responds immediately and works with them to solve the problem. Our customers remain confident in us and faithful to our services because we consistently exceed their expectations. 1Stepbedrooms takes pride in its deep commitment to each customer and ensures that they are thrilled with every order.

## Job Description
- Foster strong relationships with customers, and respond promptly to their issues, to resolve them effectively  
- Examine one’s work for development over time, in order to continually improve
- Assist customers with post-order problems (e.g., refunds, replacement, returns, back order inquiries, delivery statements, and any others issues).
- Meet company efficiency metrics and issue resolution targets
- Articulate trends in customer needs to determine solutions
- Multi-task and navigate various forms of technology and software applications at once
- Maintain a high level of professionalism and commitment to resolving conflict through strong, open communication
- Surpass customer’s expectations

## Qualifications
- An amiable nature and the ability to form positive connections
- Strong oral, written, and communication skills
- Excellent problem-solving thinks, analytical skills, and critical thinking skills
- The ability to multitask and work promptly and efficiently, as well as to maintain a calm demeanor in a fast-paced environment
- A strong work ethic,  conscientious nature, and commitment to timeliness
- Demonstrated ability to work swiftly and still maintain a high level of expertise
- Exceptional customer services skills and a passion for meeting each person’s needs 