# UI/UX Designer

## Company Description
1Stopbedrooms is seeking a competent and diligent UI/UX designer to join our quickly growing company. Our ideal UI/UX designer has a passion for creativity and user experience. The successful candidate possesses an excitement for web design experience and virtual design and will be excited about the opportunity to build a strategy to improve a website's user experience.
Our UI/UX designer will fulfill a variety of roles within our organization. We expect 1Stopbedrooms UI/UX designer to be one-third researcher, one third web interaction designer, and one-third virtual designer. If you are a critical thinker, a creative individual, and a natural leader who follows a hands-on approach to building a successful web design experience, then this is the perfect career opportunity for you.

## Job Description
On any given day, our UI/UX designer will be required to complete a variety of duties and responsibilities. These include analyzing websites, preparing and participating in creating a content strategy, working with our internal team on product page designs, routing, and navigation, tracking usability goals, and conducting usability tests.  Additionally, our UI/UX designer should have strong communication skills and work well with a team. 

## Qualifications
Most UI/UX Designers possess a bachelor’s degree in computer design. However, education is only one of the qualifications that we look for in a successful candidate. Somebody with a passion for design, knowledge in all Adobe products, including InDesign and Illustrator, experience in consumer analysis, and the ability to work well with others are all key elements that we’re looking for. 
If joining the designers’ team at a fast-growing business sounds like a good fit for you, apply today. 