# Magento Senior Developer

## Company Description
At 1Stopbedrooms, we recognize that customer trust and satisfaction depend on creating a seamless and intuitive buying experience. This means that the stronger our developers, the more loyal our customers.
Whether for the home or for business, more and more people are finding the perfect furnishings are a few clicks away. 1Stopbedrooms is looking for a team of ambitious and engaged professionals who are excited to be part of this rapidly evolving ecommerce space. We want bold, creative thinkers; people who thrive when faced with new challenges; people who are proud to deploy their unique insights to bring greater value to our customers. We recognize that in our competitive and rapidly expanding field, our ability to innovate is foundational to our continued success. 

## Job Description
As a Magento Senior Developer at 1Stopbedrooms, you’ll be responsible for researching and implementing new and innovative ways to improve our customers’ online experience. In addition to identifying and addressing technical risks, you’ll take a critical look at ways in which you can deploy your skills as a developer to ensure our customers continue to return.

## Responsibilities:
- Research, install, and configure various Magento extensions
- Build and test for cross-browser and cross-platform compatibility
- Troubleshoot issues in PHP code
- Prioritize and proactively manage the tickets as assigned
- Proactively work on improving technical and commerce skills, refine PHP and Magento knowledge
- Perform code reviews according to best practice
- Regularly collaborate with UI and UX teams

## Qualifications
- Extensive experience with Magento, ecommerce development, and PHP as well as intermediate familiarity with HTML, CSS, Javascript, MySQL
- Knowledge of and experience with best practices related to scalability, security, performance, and engineering
- Strong problem-solving skills and a general sense of urgency
- Desire to learn and grow
- Proven success as a developer
- Bachelor's degree in computer science or significant work experience in a related role
- Magento Certification desirable, but not required