# Project Manager / Business Analyst - Experienced in JIRA

## Company Description
1Stopbedrooms supplies high-quality furniture and household items, to make one’s house a home, thanks to our exceptional, dedicated team. 1StopBedrooms is committed wholly to its customers and ensures that they are thrilled with each order. We prioritize the happiness of each customer and the quality of the items we provide. The 1Stopbedrooms team seeks a Project Manager to lead our team and ensure that company and client goals and targets are met, with every project. This individual should be highly diligent, organized, timely, and passionate about the work we do here at 1Stopbedrooms.

## Job Description
The Project Manager creates parameters for improvement and ensures that these are met; they monitor success across various departments and in every interaction with a client. This involves maintaining and tracking a database of clients, then preparing a comprehensive report. In addition, they help other departments, such as marketing and sales, to market and advertise. They manage internal and external communication and account management. It is their responsibility to manage the scope and development of each project and ensure strict deadlines, as well as to track company growth and improvement, as they build strong relationships with clients, here at 1Stopbedrooms.
Responsibilities:
The Project Manager’s day to day work varies, but some required tasks include:
- Develop, analyze, and implement business strategies
- Create client reports and evaluate them
- Schedule and monitor projects in terms of progress, development, and timely completion
- Utilize report analysis to determine areas for improvement 
- Evaluate team performance to ensure each business target and deadline is met
- Set up meetings with sales, marketing, and clients 
- Monitor interactions with clients, and send them progress reports

1Stopbedrooms needs a Project Manager who is deeply dedicated, diligent , organized, and passionate about what they do, with a focus on building a strong team and prioritizing the needs of each client. We need a Project Manager who seeks to make a difference at 1StopBedrooms. Join us and become a part of a thriving team. Apply today.

## Qualifications
- Bachelor’s degree, in a related field, preferred
- 3 or more years of project management experience
- Experience with JIRA
- Ability to schedule and monitor projects
- Ability to work independently as well as with a team
- Experience with Project Management
- Strong written and oral communication skills
- Technologically savvy and proficient with MS Office and social media
- Organized and timely
- Knowledge of Google Analytics