# Visual Designer

## Company Description
1Stopbedrooms supplies high-quality furniture and household items, to make one’s house a home, thanks to our exceptional, dedicated team. 1StopBedrooms is committed wholly to its customers and ensures that they are thrilled with each order. We prioritize the happiness of each customer and the quality of the items we provide. The 1Stopbedrooms team seeks a Visual Designer to create compelling graphic designs for our website, to draw in potential customers, maintain and excite our current client base, and demonstrate our brand of top-notch products. This individual must be highly creative, and a team player, with the ability to articulate their ideas to others.

## Job Description
We need a Visual Designer who is committed to creating compelling images that excite new and current customers and that represent our brand and align with our mission. This individual should be creative, with a strong work ethic, an amiable demeanor, and the ability to work well with others.  
The Visual Designer contains numerous responsibilities which include creating striking graphics that demonstrate who we are 1Stopbedrooms. They are responsible for communicating with the project team to ensure that their designs meet our requirements and standards. Additionally, they should possess experience in visual design and the ability to discuss their ideas at meetings. If you are creative, assiduous, friendly, and capable of working well with others and creating content that focuses on the needs of each customer, contact us today.

## Responsibilities
The Visual Designer’s day to day work varies, but some required tasks include:
- Create logos and images that represent our brand, and place them on all of our platforms
- Track visual design technologies to keep up with modern trends and improvements
- Work with IT to ensure that the visual designs function on our website
- Meet with project team for feedback and to improve and develop your work
- Determine visual design preferences and requirements via discussions with the project team, and utilize visual design software
- Design original graphics with unique color, fonts, and shapes, and edit those designs
- Enhance digital images (e.g., contrast and gradients)
- Provide visual design concepts at meetings, to ensure that they work well for the team and meet our needs

## Qualifications
We are seeking a Visual Designer who is passionate about visual design and creating content that meets the needs of our customers. This individual should possess several years of experience, with a degree in Graphic Design or a related field. They should be highly imaginative and able to serve as a strong team member.
- 2-3 years of relevant experience
- Bachelor’s or Associate Degree in Graphic Design or a related field
- Visual Design portfolio
- Strong oral and written communication skills
- Technologically savvy, with strong computer skills, and knowledge of programming languages
- Ability to collaborate and incorporate the feedback of others 
- Skilled in design software such as Illustrator, Photoshop, etc.
- Knowledge of changing visual design technologies and trends